[Autogenerated] in this short clip will look at opening applications now,
as you're no doubt aware,
you can pin your favorite APS or desktop applications
to your taskbar to your start menu.
You can even have shortcuts on your desktop.
Opening pinned applications is a simple matter of
selecting or giving a single click toe.
Open that application and, of course, with shortcuts that air saved your desktop.
You'll need to double click to open those.
One important tip to take away from this clip is finding an
opening applications that are used less often as we've
already considered another clips.
It's not too difficult to locate APS there are installed
in your device using the all APS menu.
However,
you'll find it to be very practical to get used to the idea of
using the search box to locate your applications.
And absent aren't pinned.
Let's say, for example, that I need to use the paint desktop application.
I know where that's located at.
I would have to goto all apse windows accessories,
and then I could find the paint application.
Look how much easier it is just to simply type in paint.
And there it is.
Well,
let's say you've been told that you need to open a command prompt on
your computer to perform some task well again.
Instead of looking for that, simply type in command.
And they're easy.
The command prompt application.
No, the same tip applies.
If you're looking for settings,
let's say I need to do something with my display settings.
And here you can see different places where settings
that affect my display are indicated.
I can open up my settings, apt to display settings.
In this clip, we look briefly at opening applications. Thanks for watching you look forward to seeing you in the next clip.